build: fix documentation on updating the builder image given #56987 (#59861)
cockroachdb/cockroach: build/README.md

## Basic Process

> - Edit `build/builder/Dockerfile` as desired and commit your changes.

Reviewer: How about retaining some of the prior text describing how to do local development so folks can test things out locally? This is especially important for folks who can't run the new builder image build config.

## Basic Process

There are two ways to build and deploy a new `builder` image; choose whichever
is more convenient for you.

### Using TeamCity to build and deploy

> - Edit `build/builder/Dockerfile` as desired and commit your changes.

Reviewer: Heh. I didn't do a good enough job describing what I was thinking. How about a change like this to the first text you had put in (with only one way of pushing the image to docker hub via the TC build configuration).

```suggestion
- Edit `build/builder/Dockerfile` as desired
- Run `build/builder.sh init` to test -- this will build the image locally. Beware this can take a lot of time. The result of `init` is a docker image version which you can subsequently stick into the `version` variable inside the `builder.sh` script for testing locally.
 - Commit your changes once you are happy with the result.
```

Author: I think that this is more or less what you meant? Let me know.
